写
1多写，能加强单词的发音记忆，能熟练语法的运用。
2 词组中介词的使用不一定是唯一的。例如可以 use fruit for adding color ;  use fruit to add color
3 状语，定语 优先考虑介词， 然后 分词， 再是that ,wich, where
4 形容词变化： different， of little difference
5 转折 even if , while， but, however, in fact, unfortunately, until ,unless , but the truth,although
   递进 so that,
   比较 as if , as ... as ....    , in stark constrast, just as
   方式 by, after, before, until
   并且 not only, but also  , besides
    结果 therefore, as a result , consequently, no wonder

6 动名词
   to 不定式


7 适当插入疑问句 Can you imagine?

8 in my view, as far as I'm concerned

9 表示程度的副词 far more, much more
  写一个句子，先想好一般时态，然后看是否需要加上现在完成或过去完成，虚拟将来，再 考虑加上程度副词

10 there, it 结构
11 正反方向描述,物作主动， 被动结构
   you cannot really appreciate the movie unless are in a movie theater.
12 论述方法
     举例
    正反假设

   开头 4个句子：
   （1） 抓住题中某个关键名词或形容词展开现实联想,原因是什么（经济社会发展好       了）
       we are always curious about the features of successful people.
     (2) 变换句式或词组，进一步强调
      假设，疑问句：
      Do outgoing people have ...?
      Do ..?
      举例：
       A citizen living in Beijing generally does two things every morning before he               goes to work:
     与自己论点相反的情况描述：
      It seems that ....
    引起有关人员的注意，government， citizen，
     has drawn the government's attention
     分各行各业的人进行描述：
     the students, the adults

     (1) 提出论点
      In fact, I don't see the connection ...
      However, I am against the point ..


      结尾，1个句子：
       简洁重复，有一点强调,可用比较
       My view is thus clear:  ... more/less than ...



   中间两段，论点详细介绍方法：6-8个句子
    论述观点（1）
    进一步论述优缺点，为什么， 假设（1）
    take my own experience to illustrate this point (1)形式过渡
     介绍例子背景（1)
     when I was  in college, I knew a girl named Sophia, whom I appreciated ..
     / a junior college student, I was in urgent need of ....
      可用冒号，并列连词and 介绍
     (1)进一步说明主人公与论点相关的特点 What's even more shocking is that ...
     (1) 介绍能突出论点的情况
     转折， However, when I was doing the academic group work with her, it turned             out to  be quite a disappointment...
     结果 after accumulating for half a year

     （1） 疑问句引起考官注意，并转向总结。guess what? See?
     （1） 总结并深化本段论点，
           总结例子： A person who
            假设：If

让步转折法6-8句：
(论点1）First, in the long run, the increased price does not discourage people from using gasoline. Why is this so?（假设1） In the short term, people are accustomed to the previous gasoline price, so when the price gets raised, people tend to drive their car less frequently to keep the commuting expenditure the sam as the amont they had once spent; （进一步强化，或向论点有关的假设靠近1）but when the time extends further, people will find how inconvenicent it is to go to work by bus, by subway or by bike. （转折1）As a result, they might shift back to driving cars to work. （1递进强化）The only difference is that they would accept the higher transportation
cost and cut down the expenditure on other things such as movies, concerts or clothes. Over time, the amount of gasoline people consume does not change at all; of course, the air pollution deriving from the car exhaust does not get eliminated.（1总结论点，假设） If the government could invest more on developing cleaner source of energy as the alternative to gasoline, that surely would be better than just raising the price of gasoline.

13 整合写作， 总共10个句子
   表达观点的词 claim, think, declare, believe, mention, state, insist , acknowledge
    表达 说话者 the reading, lecturer, professor, the author of the reading passage
   表达结论 in conclusion , to conclude
    表达篇章结构： to begin with, first
                               In addition, second
                                As a final point, third
                                meanwhile,

  表示反驳：
To argue against the reading's assertion that ...  Instead...
  accord to the reading, this ... which...
 the lecturer counter by insist that
used for other purpose


表示帮助，重要性，有能力做
  is not the most important aspect
  more important
 facilitate speaking (The new airport will facilitate the development of tourism.)

表示造成，引起
cause the Anasazi's downfall
a lack of ... cause


开头：
The author of the reading passage argues that ..... Meanwhile, the lecturer insists that ....

结尾：
to conclude, the lecturer firmly believes that .... , and she/he counters the points made by the reading, whose author thinks ....

   记笔记： 阅读：每一段记一个原因，记名词
                  听力： 根据阅读的笔记，找出反驳的原因


背
 1 背单词 连同发音一起记，容易记住单词的拼写。注意发音的正确和唯一
2 背文章，能熟悉并记住某一个意思的多种表达， 如表示困难 challenge, difficulty, obstacles, hardship
